This is just sloppy craftsmanship.
Hey, Rick.
Boy, sure is really especially beautiful out there today, huh?
Oh, yes, Morty.
It's almost unbelievable, isn't it?
Yeah, you know, there's something about the air and just the way the sunshine is.
Sure, buddy, yeah, sure.
But brilliant.
Very convincing.
Convincing?
Oh, responsive too, in real time.
I love it.
Uh, okay.
I'm going to work.
Morty, good morning.
Dad, good morning.
I am going to work.
Goodbye.
What's with mom?
Oh, what's with mom?
So you're saying that she's acting weird?
How sophisticated.
Careful, guys.
You're going to burn out the CPU with this one.
Okay, you know what, Rick?
You're acting weird too.
Whatever.
Quote unquote, Morty.
All right, well, I'll see you after school.
Ow!
Oof!
Oh, damn it!
I'm all right.
I'm okay.
All right, who can tell me what five times nine is?
Five times nine.
Morty?
Oh, me?
What is five times nine?
Um, you know, it's, uh, at least 40.
Morty, that's exactly correct.
Five times nine is at least 40.
Come up here.
Woo!
Way to go, Morty!
Everybody, this is the best student.
I want you to be the teacher today.
Teach us, Morty!
Interesting.
What do you want me to teach you?
Ooh, how do you make concentrated dark matter?
Oh, that's a good question.
Concentrated, huh?
Concentrated dark matter.
The fuel for accelerated space travel.
Now, do you know how to make it?
Uh, come on, Morty.
Isn't your grandpa, like, a scientist?
Oh, yeah, but, you know, he told me that I shouldn't go around spouting off about, you know, his science and stuff.
I bet you've seen him make concentrated dark matter a lot.
You know, if you tell us, I'll be your girlfriend.
Uh, you will?
Seems like a rare opportunity, Morty.
Oh, Morty, come on, there's a family emergency.
If he leaves, I'm giving him an F.
He doesn't care.
Oh, man.
Rick, I have to go back.
I think I was about to get married.
Take a shower with me, Morty.
What?
Listen to me, Morty.
Get your clothes off.
Get in the shower right now, Morty.
You gotta trust me, Morty.
I'm gonna get an F in class, Rick.
Morty, that's not class.
That wasn't your teacher.
This isn't your school.
This entire world is not the world.
We're inside a huge simulation chamber on an alien spaceship.
Wait a minute.
What are you talking about?
It's all fake.
Morty, all of it.
Nanobotik renderings.
A bunch of crazy, fake nonsense, Morty.
I couldn't say so until we got in the shower.
They won't monitor us in here.
Monitor us?
Who?
Sygerian scammers, Morty.
The galaxy's most ambitious, least successful con artists.
You know, it's lucky for us that they're also really uncomfortable with nudity.
Oh, come on, Rick.
If everyone's just gonna be insane today, at least let me be insane with Jessica.
I can't let you do that, Morty.
Give it to me.
No, no.
You.
Give it to me.
Come on, Rick.
Come on.
Get going.
Oh.
God.
Sir, they're still making...
Sir, well, check every five quintons and tell me when they're not.
I think we should make Kevin look, sir.
What?
No.
Why would you even say that?
Sir, we have a situation over here.
If there's a wiener on that monitor, I swear to God, Stu.
Nothing is drawing a lot of processing power.
Oh wait, no wonder.
There's another real human in the simulator.
Okay, Jerry.
Big pitch meeting.
Take a break, time.
You can do this.
How did this happen?
Where's the abductions department?
Hey man, abductions just follows the acquisition order.
Don't put this on acquisitions!
We only acquire humans that haven't been simulated!
Well, simulations doesn't simulate anybody that's been abducted, so...
Oh, I see.
Oh, it was no one's fault.
Oh, okay.
I'm sorry.
Well then, problem solved.
Oh wait, no!
There's still another human in here!
Who is he?
Rick's son-in-law, Jerry Smith.
So far, he hasn't noticed he's in a simulation.
Well, cap his sector at 5% processing, keep his settings on auto, and we'll deal with him later.
Rick Sanchez is the target.
Gotta relax.
It's just a pitch.
This is Earth Radio.
And now, here's Human Music.
Huh.
Human Music.
I like it.
Rick!
Ah, ah, Morty!
Keep your hands off your ding-dong!
It's the only way we can speak freely.
Look around you, Morty.
Do you really think this world is real?
You'd have to be an idiot not to notice all the sloppy details.
Look, that guy's putting a bun between two hot dogs.
I don't know, Rick.
I mean, I've seen people do that before.
Look at that old lady.
She's walking a cat on a leash.
This is Spencer.
Does that all the time, Rick?
Ah, I don't want to hear about him.
This is Spencer, Morty.
She's an idiot.
All right, all right.
There.
What about that, Morty?
Okay, okay.
You got me on that one.
Oh, really, Morty?
Are you sure?
You haven't seen that somewhere in real life before?
No, no, I haven't seen that.
I mean, why would a pop tart want to live inside a toaster, Rick?
I mean, that would be like the scariest place for them to live.
You know what I mean?
You're missing the point, Morty.
Why would he drive a smaller toaster with wheels?
I mean, does your car look like a smaller version of your house?
No.
So why are they doing this?
Well, what do they want?
Well, that would be obvious to you, Morty, if you'd been paying attention.
We've got the President of the United States in here.
We need 10 cc's of concentrated dark matter stat or you'll die.
Concentrated dark matter?
They were asking about that in class.
Yeah, it's a special fuel I invented to travel through space faster than anybody else.
These Nigerians are always trying to scam me out of my secrets,
but they made a big mistake this time, Morty.
They dragged you into this.
Now they're gonna pay.
What are we gonna do?
We're gonna scam the scammers, Morty,
and we're gonna take them for everything they've got.
National Apple Farmers of America.
Welcome to our ad agency.
I'm Jerry Smith.
All right, I'll just get to the pitch.
Simple question, gentlemen.
What are apples?
Excuse me.
Apples are food.
And when do we need food?
When we're hungry.
With that, I give you your new slogan.
I'll say something.
Do you like it?
Yes.
You do?
So I sold it?
I sold the idea?
Yes.
Oh, my God.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Hey, I just sold my first pitch.
Slow down.
You're looking good.
Mommy.
Hello.
Guess who just sold the apples campaign?
Me?
I guess it wasn't a rip-off.
I've got milk after all.
Guess someone was wrong.
Yes.
Well, I was forgiven because right now I've got an erection the size of an East Coast lighthouse
and I'm coming home to share it with my beautiful wife.
Okay.
Really?
Yes.
See you in ten minutes.
Hey, I'm going to make love to my wife.
Look and do.
Oh, no.
Mommy.
Oh, jeez, Rick.
I don't know if I like this plan, you know?
I mean, crowds, they have a tendency to make me really nervous.
Morty, relax.
It's just a bunch of ones and zeros out there.
You're going to be fine.
Just follow my lead.
Yo, DJ, drop that beat.
Oh, Morty.
This crowd looks too small for one of our famous rap concerts.
I don't think we can perform our new song, The Recipe for Concentrated Dark Matter,
for a crowd this tiny.
You got that right, Rick.
Now that's more like it.
Morty, here we go.
Let me hear everybody say, hey, oh, yeah.
Oh, the ladies say, yeah.
Everybody over 32, this with your hands.
Everybody with a red shirt, jump up and down.
Yeah, don't move.
Yo, everyone whose first name begins with an L who is an Hispanic,
walk in a circle the same number of times
as the square root of your eight-ton pen.
Run, Morty, before the system reboots.
Yeah, you like that?
Now who's unremarkable?
You hungry for apples?
Are you hungry for apples?
Oh, my God.
That's the best sex I've ever had in my life.
It's too good.
I don't deserve this, Beth.
I'm a fraud.
Oh, man, Rick.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, where are we running to?
Out of the simulation, Morty.
Normally, the chamber operates like a treadmill,
with the virtual world disappearing behind us
and being rendered in front of us as we move through it.
But while it's frozen, Morty, we can get to the edge.
Here we go.
Holy crap.
Come on, Morty.
Who?
Sir, they're over the edge.
Yes, they are.
Just as planned.
Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha.
Oh, this is going to be such a mind-fuck.
Keep your eyes peeled for the central processing room, Morty.
That's how we're going to scam these idiots.
So, hey, why do these aliens keep coming after you, Rick,
if you're so much smarter than them?
It's an obsession for them at this point.
Those, like, cheereians have been trying to outsmart me for years, Morty.
Every time they do, one step ahead of them.
Aha, here we go.
Grab as many processors as you can carry, Morty.
These guys aren't good at much, but they're really good at making these chips.
I've got so many, I can barely hold them all.
Ha, look at, look at this.
Oops, I dropped one.
Don't worry about it, Morty.
There's plenty of them, you little goofball.
Come here, Morty.
Gotcha.
Come on, quit it, Rick.
Whoa!
Nothing wrong with just a little bit of horseplay every now and then, little fella.
Wow, what do you know?
That was easy.
Toats, maloats, dog.
It's just kind of hard to believe, you know?
Believe it, Morty.
And once again, I'm flying away with everything I can carry,
and the zygerians got nothing of mine.
Mr. Marklevich, do you have a minute to talk?
Yes.
Look, I'm a fraud.
I mean, let's face it.
Hungry for apples is just a rip-off of got milk.
It's almost identical.
Yes.
Okay.
I deserve that.
Um, I guess I'll just back up my desk.
Yes.
Oh, my God.
Wait.
You know what?
No!
The milk people don't have a patent on simple rhetorical questions.
You know, there's not even a single word in Hungry for Apples that's shared by got milk.
It's a completely different slogan.
It's different.
Right.
And I shouldn't be fired.
I should be promoted.
Yes.
Yeah.
Wait, really?
Yes.
Yes!
I mean, it may be derivative, but it's the most successful campaign to come out of this agency in a long time.
Yes.
I'm not saying it should win an award for commercials,
but it could certainly be nominated for an award for commercials specifically about apples,
like an apple-y or something.
Yes.
Is there really an award called the Apple-y for Apple-related ad campaigns?
Could we nominate me?
Yes.
Holy crap!
I can't believe I'm going to be able to use these processors to make some real important science stuff.
Huh.
I thought I entered the code, right?
What's this?
What could this possibly be?
It looks like you're inside a simulation.
Inside a simulation, you're still on the ship.
Game day bucket go fooom.
Sir, the doctor's appointment to examine the discoloration on your butthole flaps was...
Too loud, Cynthia.
Too loud and too specific.
Uh...
We've known how to make concentrated dark matter for a long time,
but now we also know the code to your fabled safe, Rick Santas.
Your most valuable secrets will now be ours!
Yeah, until I get home before you and change the combination, you bunch of idiots.
That is why you're never getting home. Get them!
No!
Come on, morning!
I gotta tell you, this morning I didn't even know this award existed.
Now I'm holding one, and...
Um...
Look, I want to say that today was the best day of my life.
But the truth is, it's more meaningful than that.
Yes, thank you, sir.
I am finally complete.
Jerry?
No.
What are you doing here? Why are you dressed like a waiter?
Screw it. We don't have time. Come on.
No!
Man up, Jerry! I may need you to work the lasers.
Oh, man! They're hot on our tail, Rick!
I guess they really do have concentrated dark matter.
Well, you know how to make it too, right, Rick?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Check the engine room.
We just need cesium-clutonic quarks that bottle the water.
It's all here, Rick!
Wow, Morty Lucky, great. You grabbed that bucket.
Okay, two parts-clutonic quarks, one part- cesium.
Okay.
Rick!
Now empty the water bottle into the bucket and pour it all into the fuel tank
so we can get the hell out of here. What are you doing, Morty?
There's no time!
No.
What the?
No!
Oh, my God, Rick. How dumb are you?
You're inside a simulation of a simulation inside another giant simulation.
We never had the recipe for concentrated dark matter,
but we do now! We do now, sucka!
You simulated my grandson's genitalia?
You bunch of diabolical sons of bitches!
Kevin fought real hard to supervise that part, yeah?
Listen, you weren't going to tell anyone.
I'm never going to let this down.
Okay, great. Wonderful. You win. Can we go home now?
I don't know. Can you?
Nice. Okay, okay. Show this gullible turd to a shuttle. I'm done with him.
Oh, wait. Let me get a picture.
Oh, look at his face. He's trying to figure out if he's in a simulation still.
Are you, Rick?
Are you?
You're not.
Or are you?
Oh, and by the way, I don't have discolored butthole flaps. That was part of the simulation.
Oh, sir, should I cancel that appointment then?
Yeah, of course you should!
No, keep it. Move it up, actually, if you can.
Hey, Jerry, don't worry about it.
So what if the most meaningful day of your life was a simulation operating at minimum capacity?
You know what, Rick? Those guys took you for a ride, too.
You should try having a little respect for the dummies of the universe now that you're one of us.
Maybe you're right, Jerry. Maybe you're right.
Awesome!
All right, everybody. Two parts plutonic quartz, one part cesium.
And listen, I'm sorry for yelling earlier. I couldn't ask for a better staff.
I love you guys, and I love all your families.
And the final ingredient?
Wow! What the hell? What happened back there?
Why don't you ask the smartest people in the universe, Jerry?
Oh, yeah, you can't. They blew up.
So what do you think?
You're fired.
What?
You're fired?
I'm fired.
You're fired.
But this idea was tested in a state-of-the-art simulation.
Well, then it was a terrible simulation. Get out.
Man, how does a guy like that go home and have sex with his wife?
Hey, Morty.
What?
Hey, little buddy. How you doing in here right now?
Oh, geez, Rick. What are you doing, man?
You're a good kid, Morty. You're a real little character, Morty.
Oh, boy.
Yeah, I had a really rocky road today, Morty.
You're my little friend, aren't you?
We had some good times together, huh, Morty?
You're a real true hero out in the field.
You're a real trooper, huh, Morty?
Have you been drinking, Rick?
I really appreciate you, Morty.
Okay, cool. All right, Rick.
You little son of a bitch.
What are you doing, Rick?
Are you a simulation?
No, no, no.
You little son of a bitch.
Oh, I'm sorry, Morty. You're a good kid, Morty.
Geez.
You're a good kid.
Oh, my God.
What the hell?
What a life.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.